## Installing packages

1. Create a folder named `task_1`, cd into it, and create a `package.json` using `npm init -y`.
2. Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.
3. Modify your `package.json` to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute `npm run build` on the command line.

## Using jQuery

1. Create a `js` directory with a JavaScript file named `dashboard_main.js` in it. The file should import jQuery and add the below elements in the following order:

- Paragraph element: `Holberton Dashboard`
- Paragraph element: `Dashboard data for the students`
- Button element with the text `Click here to get started`
- Add a paragraph element as so `<p id='count'></p>`
- Add another paragraph: `Copyright - Holberton School`

## Prevent spammers

1. Write a function called `updateCounter()` that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.
2. Each time it’s called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with `id='count'` to `{count} clicks on the button`.
3. Bind the debounce function in Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.

## Requirements

- When running Webpack, your JavaScript should be generated in a `public` folder. You should also place your `index.html` in this folder.
- The JavaScript file generated by Webpack should be named `bundle.js`.
- Set Webpack config mode to `production`.
- Opening your HTML file should not generate any error in the console.
- Your HTML code should only import one JavaScript script (the one generated by webpack).

## Resources

- [Debounce documentation on Lodash](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.15#debounce)

## Repo

- **GitHub repository:** `alx-react`
- **Directory:** `0x00-Webpack`
- **Files:** `task_1/js/dashboard_main.js`, `task_1/package.json`, `task_1/webpack.config.js`, `task_1/public/index.html`
